DATA 422 Group Project

Dates:
  Presentation 21/10/22 1:00 PM
  Deliverable 31/10/22

Goals:
  identify interesting data sources to work on.
  wrangle the data sources into a suitable target data model.
  present the data to a larger audience.
  exhibit that you can apply what we learnt in the class.

Deliverable:
  Deliver a compressed folder (a zipped folder) containing:
    A project report that clearly describes:
        what data sources you used.
        why you chose those data sources.
        what target you chose (i.e., what is the intended use of the data, ...).
        what difficulties you had to overcome to wrangle the data sources into the target data model.
        what techniques you did use.
        what you managed to achieve and what you failed to do.
    A project diary: take detailed notes of who-did-what in a text file, even when working alone.
    Slides or any other material for the data presentation.
    Jupyter notebooks with all the code you wrote to do the various wrangling tasks, well documented and commented.
      Also include a document explaining how the notebooks are linked (i.e., in which sequence should we run the notebooks to reproduce your analysis, what do they perform, ...)
    The data you produced, or a link to access the data you produced, and all the relevant documentation for us to access and understand the data.
  All documents must be either in .pdf, markdown or jupyter notebooks; absolutely no word documents or similar proprietary formats.

Marks:
  The group project is worth 50% of the final course grade:
    Project report: 15 marks (1 for writing, 1 for visualization, 1 for clearness in the report, 5 for suitability of the target data model, 7 for depth and extension of the project).
    Project diary: 5 marks (2 for detail, 2 for presentation, and 1 for rigorous keeping).
    Presentation material: 10 marks (presentation are evaluated separetely).
    Code Notebooks: 15 marks (10 for code quality and skills, 5 for documentation quality).
    Final Data and Documentation: 5 marks (2 for the data availability, 3 for the quality of documentation).
  Bonus points may be given for use of github or other special efforts.
  Some Julia code is required to get full marks for the code notebooks and the depth and extension of the project.
